Backport the `pause` feature for MachineHealthChecks (#827)
openshift/enhancements: enhancements/machine-api/machine-health-checking.md

- The machine controller provider implementation deletes the cloud instance.
- The machine controller deletes the machine resource.

### Pausing

Some cluster operations, e.g. upgrades, result in temporarily unhealthy machines / nodes, which might trigger
unnecessary remediation. To allow cluster admins or new controllers to prevent this from happening, we will implement a
`pause` feature on the machineHealthCheck resource. This feature already exists on the upstream machineHealthCheck
resource in the form of an annotation, which we want to backport. Its key is `cluster.x-k8s.io/paused`, and remediation
will be paused as soon as this annotation exists. However, its value can be for used for syncing between multiple
parties which want to use the annotation.

### User Stories
- I want my worker machines to be remediated when the backed node has `ready=false` or `ready=Unknown` condition for more than 10m.
- I want remediation to temporary short-circuit if the 40% or more of the targets of this pool are unhealthy at the same time.

> - I want no remediation to happen while my cluster is upgrading its machines / nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- I want to prevent remediation, without deleting the entire MHC configuration, while my cluster is upgrading its machines / nodes.
```

### Implementation Details

#### MachineHealthCheck CRD
- Enable watching a pool of machines (based on a label selector).
- Enable defining an unhealthy node criteria (based on a list of node conditions).
- Enable setting a threshold of unhealthy nodes. If the current number is at or above this threshold no further remediation will take place. This can be expressed as an int or as a percentage of the total targets in the pool.
- Enable pausing of remediation

```yaml
apiVersion: machine.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: MachineHealthCheck
metadata:
  name: example
  namespace: openshift-machine-api
  annotations:

>     cluster.x-k8s.io/paused: "clusterUpgrading"

Reviewer: On the one hand, the annotation is inconsistent with the existing ones.
On the other, this is the name we will need to use eventually anyway.

This looks to be the least worst alternative, just pointing it out somewhere that we considered both.

Author: good point, added reasoning for this name to the enhancement 👍🏼

- Enable watching a pool of machines (based on a label selector).
- Enable defining an unhealthy node criteria (based on a list of node conditions).
- Enable setting a threshold of unhealthy nodes. If the current number is at or above this threshold no further remediation will take place. This can be expressed as an int or as a percentage of the total targets in the pool.
- Enable pausing of remediation

E.g:
- I want my worker machines to be remediated when the backed node has `ready=false` or `ready=Unknown` condition for more than 10m.
- I want remediation to temporary short-circuit if the 40% or more of the targets of this pool are unhealthy at the same time.
- I want no remediation to happen while my cluster is upgrading its machines / nodes.

```yaml
apiVersion: machine.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: MachineHealthCheck
metadata:
  name: example
  namespace: openshift-machine-api
  annotations:

>     cluster.x-k8s.io/paused": "clusterUpgrading"

Author: Not sure about what values are good for the annotation. It's not being checked, but we might want to utilize it to sync between multiple parties who want to set this annotation?

- Watch machines and nodes with an event handler e.g controller runtime `EnqueueRequestsFromMapFunc` which returns machineHealthCheck resources.

Reconcile:

> - Don't start remediation in case the pause annotation is set on the machineHealthCheck resource.

Reviewer 2: what is expected from MHC to do with machines that turned from unhealthy to healthy? should it delete the EMR when pause annotation exists?

Author: At least upstream reconcilation just doesn't do anything while this annotation exists, and IMHO we should do the same. So the EMR will on;y be removed after unpausing. Will make this more clear, thx!
